Xsoar mirror no sync xsup 26146 (#28455)
demisto/content: Packs/XSOARmirroring/ReleaseNotes/2_0_16.md

#### Integrations

##### XSOAR Mirroring
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.10.12.65389*.

> - Fixed an issue where get-remote-data did not get notes and tags after reset last fetch run time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the get-remote-data command did not get notes and tags after resetting the last fetch run time.
```
